
<h2>Introduction</h2><br />
  <h4>Background</h4> <br />
  <p>The National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) is charged with the responsibility of leading innovation and technology advancements in ICT. NITDA has developed a set of guidelines for local content development and has further setup an implementation framework through the Office for Nigerian Content Development in ICT (ONC). <br />
  The ONC is responsible for setting the ICT local content development agenda and for the implementation of the Guidelines for Local Content Development in ICT. <br />
  The Implementation framework for the Guidelines contains general and specific provisions, which sets out the responsibilities, functions as well as performance measures for the ONC. <br />
The Office for Nigerian Content Development in ICT (ONC) was setup as a development focused Special Purpose Vehicle of the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) under the auspices of the FMCT with policy directions from the Honorable Minister of Communications Technology for the purpose of implementing the Guidelines for Nigerian Content Development in ICT and championing the growth and development of Nigerian content in ICT.   
  <p><br />
The ONC’s mandate includes “supercharging” key ICT economic clusters by providing intellectual, human and industrial capital to Nigerian firms in the ICT industry. It functions as a “Program driven” organization with the aim of increasing the participation of Nigerian entities along the value chain of ICT products and services. The overarching aim is to substantially increase the contribution of ICT to the Nigerian economy.   
  <h3><br />
Purpose</h3>
  <p>  The purpose of the Compliance Portal is to provide the ONC with a dynamic and robust procedural outline to enable it independently identify, assess, advise on, monitor and report on compliance risk with respect to the implementation of the Guidelines. The Compliance Portal will be fully owned by the ONC for the purpose of carrying out its compliance responsibility in line with the Implementation Plan of the ONC.   <br />
  Project Objective</h2>
</p>
<p><strong>The objectives of the project are to:</strong><br />
  1.	Assist the ONC in achieving the most effective management of resources to achieve the compliance goals of the organisation whilst meeting Government's accountability requirements;  <br />
  2.	Provide a step-by-step guideline on implementing the compliance function of the ONC to allow for institutional consistency.  <br />
  3.	Create a transparent and clear mechanism for monitoring and assessment of firms to ensure fairness and equity.  <br />
  4.	Provide the Ministry of Communications Technology and NITDA with assurance that the ONC has implemented appropriate systems to ensure that compliance with the Guidelines is achieved.  <br />
  5.	Determine responsibility for the different functions associated with compliance management<br />
  6.	Ensure that Compliance awareness is consistently promoted and encouraged<br />
 <br /></p>
<h4>Project Scope</h4>
<ol>
  <li>The development of the ONC Marketplace an online application for managing stakeholders and auxiliary services
    <ol type="a">
      <li>Organization/Personnel Management: A detailed registration module for registration of Organizations, Freelancers and Talents in Primary, Secondary and Tertiary Institutions</li>
      <li>Verification: A verification module for a process based verification of organizations by multiple users</li>
      <li>Products &amp; Services: A database of products and services offered by the professional registrants on the application</li>
      <li>Ratings &amp; Reviews: A ratings and reviews module for rating and reviewing products and services offered by professional registrants on the application</li>
      <li>Job Completion Certificate: An automated job completion certificate generated by the application to companies and freelancers based on backend confirmation following a business process</li>
      <li>Dashboard: A customizable dashboard of statistics of various parameters to be displayed on the front-page of the application to users logged in. A customized dashboard settings should be saved to the users browser using Web-Storage technology and in the absence of that using Cookies</li>
      <li>RFP Module: A request for proposal module to enable potential buyers of services send their RFPs to specific companies or advertise it on the site based on an array of interest. Ads will be seen only by professionals who have specified their interest on particular products and services</li>
      <li>Tenders Board Module: A module to enable MDAs across the country tender RFPs on ICT based projects to the marketplace. The Tenders Board Module will be managed by the ONC and only competent organizations with track records will have access to bid for jobs. <br />
        The Tenders Board Module will also enable MDAs to specify/filter the kind of organizations the want to bid for the projects. All Organizations, Freelancers and Professionals who meet the criteria can access and bid for such contracts. This will include the following and more:      
        <ol>
          <ol type="i">
            <li>Industry</li>
            <li>Interest tags</li>
            <li>Capitalization</li>
            <li>Annual Turnover</li>
            <li>Tax Clearance Year</li>
            <li>NITDEV Payment Evidence and Amount</li>
            <li>ITF</li>
            <li>Pension Certificate</li>
            <li>Sector</li>
            <li>Reputation (Scale of 1 to 5)</li>
            <li>Similar Job Completion Certificate Tags</li>
            <li>Memberships</li>
            <li>E.t.c</li>
          </ol>
        </ol>
      </li>
      <li>Billing &amp; Withdrawals: A module to allow seamless financial transactions between clients and service providers on the ONC marketplace. All transactions will have 12 working days 100% money back guarantee if the conditions stated on the RFP where not met by the service providers. The ONC will monitor and hold onto payments for 15 working days and release to the service provider after then; a Job Completion Certificate will be given to the service provider. The ONC will retain a 5% commission on all payments via the Online Marketplace and another 5% retainer will be held onto by the ONC and only released after 3 months to the service provider, a Certificate of no Objection will also be given to the service provider based on a feedback by the client</li>
      <li>Privilege Management: A robust privilege management system to enable the user admin assign privileges to users via the Privilege Management Module</li>
    </ol>
  </li>
  <li>This application shall be developed to incorporate the following services:</li>
  <li>This application will also include the following non-functional requirements</li>
</ol>
<h3>Professional Services Requirements</h3>
<p>The vendors providing the Design Specification and Development of the Compliance Portal is expected to: <br />
<ul>
  <li>Have an extensive experience in Software Requirement Specification development</li>
  <li>Have an extensive track record in implementing and supporting enterprise customer relations system for both the private and public sector</li>
  <li>Have project management experience and deploy a project manager who will work with the Office for Nigeria Content Development in ICT</li>
  <li>Have report and graphical and analytical based dashboard development experience</li>
  <li>Have vast experience in implementation and training services like those require by this project</li>
  <li>Provide 1st level technical support for the software development</li>
  <li>Transfer all source codes and ownership of the Compliance Portal after development with technical supporting documents</li>
</ul>
</p>
<p>Vendor’s Obligations </p>
<ul>
  <li>Vendors agrees at all times to maintain an adequate staff of experienced and qualified employees for efficient performance under this Agreement. The Vendor agrees that, at all times, the employees of Vendor furnishing or performing any services shall do so in a proper, workmanlike, and dignified manner.</li>
  <li>Vendor agrees that all persons working for or on behalf of Vendor whose duties bring them on ONC’s premises shall obey the rules and regulations that are established by the ONC and shall comply with the reasonable directions of the ONC’s officers. </li>
  <li>Vendor shall be responsible for the acts of its employees and agents while on the ONC’s premises. Accordingly, Vendor agrees to take all necessary measures to prevent injury and loss to persons or property located on the ONC’s premises. </li>
  <li>Vendor shall perform the services contemplated in the Agreement without interfering in any way with the activities of the ONC’s staff or visitors.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Technical Support </h3>
<p>Post-implementation support requirements includes:<br />
<ul>  
  <li>Post-go live support that is included in the proposal response</li>
  <li>Onsite support (e.g. system tuning, application configuration, interface issues, report development, dashboard development, network optimization, user training and tips to optimize the user experience)</li>
  <li>Help Desk services</li>
  <li>Online knowledge base (i.e. – how it accesses, who updates it, etc.)</li>
</ul>
</p>
<h3>Training</h3>
<p>The vendor should describe their process for ensuring that a transfer of knowledge on both application usage and source code development to ONC staff is capable of supporting and maintaining the application in the most proficient manner once the implementation engagement is complete. <br />
  The vendor should provide an overall description of both training methods, including the following:</p>
<ul>
  <li>General timeframes in which both types of training will be conducted</li>
  <li>The vendor must list the nature, level, and amount of training to be provided for both options in each of the following areas:</li>
  <li>Technical training (e.g., programming, operations, etc.)</li>
  <li>User training</li>
  <li>Other staff (e.g., executive level administrative staff)</li>
</ul>
<h3>Documentation</h3>
<p>The vendor is expected to provide user manuals and online help for use by the ONC as part of the initial training and on-going operational support. Additionally, the vendor is expected to provide technical documentation</p>
<ul>
  <li>Describe what documentation (user guide, technical guide, training materials, etc.) is available on the system proposed and any related costs.</li>
  <li>Describe what types of documentation you anticipate developing during the course of the project.</li>
</ul>
